welcome to Timberwolves com Jonah ballo
here and we had an exclusive one-on-one
interview with Ricky Rubio well it's
hard to remember that 2009 two years ago
you were the number five overall pick
for the Minnesota Timberwolves and now
2011 just days before the 2011 draft you
have finally arrived in Minneapolis
first of all welcome to the city and I
just want to get your thoughts on your
emotions after winning the title and
then deciding to come here to
Minneapolis yeah I'm so exciting we just
finished the Spanish league we wanted we
were so happy and now I take that a bent
or coming here to Minnesota to play with
Tim rose to play the NBA and I'm living
in a dream you've said that many times
that this is the dream to play here in
the NBA and why did you think that it
was important for you to wait two years
and kind of put off that dream to maybe
mature overseas in Spain yeah maybe to
be to be ready all ready because
hopefully ready in two thousand nine but
two years after I want everything in
Europe and i want to be i think i'm more
ready right now what has happened in
those two years with you not only on the
court but off the court Oh things are
things that you can never think about in
two years what going to happen and there
are a lot of things that happen
I'm enjoy a lot my Barcelona time which
in varsity and make a lot of friends was
a medieval and now I'm ready to come
what about your basketball game do you
think it's evolved in those two years
I've been being able to mature from a
standpoint of getting older stronger
faster yeah I grow up as play as a
physically mentally because two years in
a lot for a young young young player 2
to R 0 and 2 to be ready to play hero
here all right let's talk about your off
the court stuff a little bit I mean
what's it like to be a 14 year old
prodigy and for six years playing
professional basketball I mean most kids
here it's a big deal if they come out
you know after one year of college but
you've been playing since 14 what's up
in like for you yeah it's hard sorry
because you are 14 years old your
friends going out or just go to a cinema
and you have to travel with the team you
wanted sometimes you don't want to do it
but it was a dream for me to playing an
ACP and sometimes when my friends will I
don't know they're making some jobs or
they playing between them and I will
have to study because I couldn't do in a
weekend because I were trouble and it's
hard it's hard but I think that
everybody want to be in the same
position who played a large part in your
development on the court I'm we've seen
some videos about you working out with
some of the NBA guys as far as the
fellow spaniard but what about some guys
and coaches who have really helped you
become the player you are today yeah I
think I got lucky with the coach a guide
because they have me a lot and I talked
or seen Francis who wasn't my first
professional coach helped me a lot on
all things and grow as a player and as a
person because here he was so so careful
about how people care about all people
how teammates are can be a good team and
he helped me a lot then the assistant
coach Seto comes
head coach two years after and help me
to type a Squam barcelona have me a lot
grow up as a player and as a person how
about some of the successful NBA players
that have played in Spain are from Spain
Marcus saw pal Gasol said some great
things about you Rudy Fernandez as well
you talked about your relationship with
those guys and they talk would because
everything they have to Ray yeah I know
but we will make a good relationship and
on a summer with the national team we
know each other and we hang out a lot
and that means that a good team before a
big players where we're friends you face
some amazing competition the 2008
Olympics and you played very well
against some of the best point guards in
the league not only who are you looking
forward to matching up against with here
next year you know right around the
corner but also who do you kind of
pattern your game with you know we've
heard the comparisons Jason Kidd Pete
Maravich a lot of comparisons out there
for you yeah it can be compared with a
lot of people we are fungus but I like
to to be my style not I'm trying to
learn about all the punkers from from
everywhere i'm trying to watch a lot of
basketball games not mba or not a CBO
all leagues and I'm trying to learn a
little bit or the best things that the
partners to be better play if somebody
out there hasn't seen a lot of your tape
and watch you play can you explain what
makes you such a great basketball player
I think that I'm not no selfish player
that helped the team to be better I I
try to be a good pong or the partner
means that have to to run the core to to
to help the teammates or the players and
get the victory and be the coach in the
court I think I can do that we expect
your emotions to be like when you step
on the target center floor in
Minneapolis for your first NBA game and
the smiles yeah
that's my I can't believe it I can leave
it since the since they come because
since you are kid you are imagine you
one day you are playing on em be alive
on a PSP or something and you are
playing and you say oh I think I don't
know call Ryan I I want to be over there
one day and you just dream of that never
thing about it's going to happen and now
I will I will Kenneth finally one more
question for you if you heard about this
wolves team we got some talent Kevin
Love Michael Beasley some guys gonna be
here in a couple of weeks to talk to you
and see you in person what do you think
about this wolf squad that you gonna
join yeah yeah I just saw good day
weekend and he told me that all players
want to come here to to be together and
that means it's good they are young too
and I like like that because I can we
can grow together I can have them to
grow they can help me to grow too and
it's going to be so excited we
appreciate you taking a couple minutes
with timberwolves calm and we wish you
the best of luck and we're gonna be
following you all around your journey
here in Minneapolis for your first time
here and we're so excited to have you
here thank you so much hey there he is
Ricky Rubio and I'm Jonah Bala on
timberwolves com
you